issue #877 add max_prepared_transactions in user guide for postgresql (#963)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

</server>
```

> Note: If you use Apache PostgreSql database as FHIR data store or JavaBatch job repository, please enable max_prepared_transactions in postgresql.conf, otherwise the import/export JavaBatch jobs will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you use PostgreSql database as IBM FHIR Server data store or the JavaBatch job repository, please enable `max_prepared_transactions` in postgresql.conf, otherwise the import/export JavaBatch jobs fail.
```

> Note: If you use Apache PostgreSql database as FHIR data store or JavaBatch job repository, please enable max_prepared_transactions in postgresql.conf, otherwise the import/export JavaBatch jobs will fail.

Reviewer 2: I don't think PostgreSQL is an apache project.
Also, I think we should use the proper casing wherever possible:  its PostgreSQL.
All lowercase is probably also acceptable in some cases.
```suggestion
Note: If you use PostgreSQL database as FHIR data store or JavaBatch job repository, please enable max_prepared_transactions in postgresql.conf, otherwise the import/export JavaBatch jobs will fail.
```
